Welcome back in the previous video we talked about how new Noad over here gets repeated both times in
append and prepared.
And as we create more methods on our linked list we're going to have to constantly say new node value
calls value next.
No and usually we want to keep things dry.
That is do not repeat yourself in code.
And many implementations of linked list you'll see something like this where new node is actually a
nother class.
For example I can create a new class here and this is how object oriented programming usually works.
We have classes that interact with other classes to create our programs.
So you'll see a lot of implementations of linked lists that have class of Node.
And this note is going to have a constructor that takes a value and this value will have this darte
value equals to value it's going to have this dot next equal to no
just like that.
So that way instead of us saying constant new node and creating this new node every time I can just
say every time that I want to create a new node we can say lat or Konst new node equals to new node
and then the value.
So every time we have a new node we just instantiate what we call create and run this new node class
that creates a node for us with a value property and a next property.
So you might prefer using this syntax but because I find this can get a little bit confusing especially
if you're now used to classes and want to just keep things the way they are because.
Well I think it's easier to read and as you saw it's fairly easy to implement if you want to do that
on your own OK.
Just a quick segue.
Let's get back to finishing our linked list in the next video.